

# EBS Root Volume
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wdUyMAaKEgJELN5k9hMCOUJ81eHxGCSPV77JLy7H1PA/edit?usp=sharing

# Amazon EBS Encryption
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MFQ-X4rVv0QSFu3TikOQdSfccafZI-hfoSOEOPkjoFI/edit?usp=sharing

# Launching an EC2 Instance
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xGS1H8RFToncGt0n4VBAC4Nc7RoCKiNINSEu2H9prsM/edit?usp=sharing

# EBS Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QZI_Dvf-aKqvEWkVsqoPNeV6sYMyA87g6kbvVfH1lP4/edit?usp=sharing

# EC2 Status Checks
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XjihF7pSdqME0mQ-uR3kj2I0TuSdecSgLSL1-V7Eqbo/edit?usp=sharing

# 169.254.169.254
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eRsA21AeoPtqqvgHXIb512bFcsXG_7D5eiqRsBp3WvA/edit?usp=sharing

# IAM Policy, S3 Bucket Policy and S3 ACLs
https://docs.google.com/document/d/11A-YNtwmlYzONSmep345FDh5AfZrqtbzEI_PG5GKxRk/edit?usp=sharing

# S3 Lifecycle Management
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rDzIKE1n3bRMaYH_kfca7iVx9xwItic_3wniXYEhD3c/edit?usp=sharing

# S3 Cross Region Replication
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ihjBwhFfiy3UwUVGE7tlASFVFXbvOwliBC1cdreno20/edit?usp=sharing

# Storage Gateway
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1whavlksYIf7iAkVtXABC17BLIFYxEElEvgpUFZlE-Ss/edit?usp=sharing

# S3 Object Encryption
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tdBkzjxKiMAnS61rpK0xDlkqLeRSgAQOsJV7l2U2cN4/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Snowball
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x0D2i6h3RD-XOn9Fn2Y9q1B2BjjXS9mFmpE8DpceN8w/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Import Export Disk
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jJHey03EdDHZOa7e2ATsvybpxOcy_bd-IKYS-ocF-0U/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFront
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YNh_K3J-Kfp10TdUqwzvWyOO22mcJlVfVCr0TMEa9RU/edit?usp=sharing

# S3 Transfer Acceleration
https://docs.google.com/document/d/11JBgEgPzehhOhAFOad3eNNJohsWWUNRQEoKbAdpw9zw/edit?usp=sharing

# S3 Static Website Hosting
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wuT4_z0c4NM3Yct1msixeCVDzs9CxuRNrVscmdruXPc/edit?usp=sharing

# EC2 - Elastic Compute Cloud
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h7oev9_8rpLfgb4LKG0mXFlpv9rRuLGUkMfx_U9alzI/edit?usp=sharing

# Security Groups for your VPC
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sC8Agcdnh876cwGL3_zH9no3i5spAJF-YdivTbbyq3A/edit?usp=sharing

# Creating an Amazon EBS Backed Linux AMI
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sDzmUXeQQ7M8TcbVkgjB1aHo8ILVqGp1Lfv4wHa6nJ8/edit?usp=sharing

# Sharing an Amazon EBS Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PjT3rl0pBApamShsCAsvWxVWCG2aOQz3PTz4S7DqqKs/edit?usp=sharing

# Creating Volume
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PL_FFtPc8wTCsf1Cn8FU1_3KIJ0Rp1hsoH-6m96l7Zo/edit?usp=sharing

# EC2 CloudWatch Metrics
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GynqScYjiVLUCMrw7CAaI_rZmjh9DrDvgKCwet2Obbg/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudWatch
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17Qy5W1rgaFPQXxAuFkShHVLEzsdwL7sn1Zk4JYxPZag/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Load Balancing and Load Balancer
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UYPD86S90a8U145ECWScUaA_piZaGe5mY_avLgngz4I/edit?usp=sharing

# Simple Queue Service (SQS)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Y9uCK6uT2VdxQzuwe7J1WteTL9aZl0NxtwCJBzXIk0/edit?usp=sharing

# Simple Workflow Service (SWF)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DJ8y-dhV1s9yhXsNeAneFLW9jdmvCYUVte-f4xmcFDI/edit?usp=sharing

# Amazon Kinesis
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a4BL2URTlWDaM4_LpRFc7hWBw09DYV0X4S2sXmPsBRU/edit?usp=sharing

# EC2 Hypervisor
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AEf0ZJl23t_8naw_FIqc45LblJaGD4RXjWVV72opOnI/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Direct Connect
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q08fFAFdwKfP1cqxgQ6iepV5MPlBvEUg9ZzFn3O9hdk/edit?usp=sharing

# EC2 Placement Group
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EYdYlv65hrh0cDVdAwqHdMP_xa7Q6gTA9wlYY4D1cks/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS CloudTrail
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1shBhuPjf9Go3vTHXvmZPae4FZZeMqhoJpDE_Ujb8SNg/edit?usp=sharing






# AWS Developer/Code Services




# AWS CodeCommit
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GNyhWpWRV9A5Dw1R7k-gdEXoyOcp98uTWMtf19KgrRY/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS CodeBuild
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nCaNayOuf8EPeumdxtpcUnViZ6ErkgZiCCMK78-m2AI/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS CodeDeploy
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1URjwcuaUIwj6scpnKjus_2RE1tKS7D9E83NrNYWNyr4/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS CodePipeline
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G-9p7AT7XqCU8oEojrN-58zjfoLW6M7d0gLbR68m_kg/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS CodeStar
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MPRweZSvM0KZNsq_kQac-1To5jPmHtq4Y3RzyibI8Rk/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Trusted Advisor
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GHfWv4d6XA3YS1xF9krpPP402qs9V8gRXuosXvjlBGU/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Config and Config Rules
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bez3VALAa9QgsCkDmJxgDvyhET_MPhBWvEwvUMwKnhQ/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS OpsWorks
https://docs.google.com/document/d/138WFfJWW-0vBOlg_BZlVqKF2u63BcewFWDXY3lXTLmQ/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Elastic Beanstalk
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QrZkVxzdCAHhtn5h6cu_e_cV8n87lZVZc5M8tBfbCUY/edit?usp=sharing

# Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) and Elastic Container Registry (ECR), AWS Fargate
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t6eO3YyYEtJDubfBiVh7w-h8PnxC_forNclh7zejwt8/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Organizations
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F8cuthEWxrUgrJcR-tp5U51kGXkUB1uNAPgw9_hrA1A/edit?usp=sharing

# Consolidated Billing
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p6N_KNuI5brTy0NIVnN6DKs1Ag-vEi2j2ujVK-KoTPk/edit?usp=sharing

# Amazon Elasticsearch Service (ES)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10BE32fVQHEAXQJNSeHPu7shQ_Mu6m5N_KR3h4XQLM4U/edit?usp=sharing


# VPC Peering
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vpfpVP9NZXYYaB1ES6M1Tmd0Mz-RFahh-NSxdHp_qQg/edit?usp=sharing

# Amazon WorkSpaces
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eVCq6vsxyoGpRskEPnPxts3S-y6AvxFvshGLac1NZt8/edit?usp=sharing

# Cross Account Access - Delegate Access Across AWS Accounts Using IAM Roles
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ElMenJDPqdq9roFWDEQDJV21qoRno_72jlMGm6CnG_c/edit?usp=sharing


# Amazon Directory Service
https://docs.google.com/document/d/13f0ibVY4denec-6S8k44cfiCSLjRKez6EY8l2fnqLeQ/edit?usp=sharing


# Federating Access to your AWS Environment
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oEwnY6kh2oiJAjj-1d5zd__EbT0cZNYyjcaAmsgZdvM/edit?usp=sharing

# Security Token Service (STS) and Temporary Credentials
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MozXxkayRDW8TbsnF0fmwUuwcddBl4uW3aERPnfYuuM/edit?usp=sharing
